Pluralize content view to view(s) (#3801)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/ref_best-practices-for-patching-content-hosts.adoc

This allows you to run commands or execute scripts on hosts.
* When running bulk actions on hosts, bundle them by major operating system version, especially when upgrading packages.
* Select *via remote execution {endash} customize first* to define the time when patches are applied to hosts when performing bulk actions.

> * You cannot apply errata to packages that are not part of the repositories on {Project} and the attached content views.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You cannot apply errata to packages that are not part of the repositories on {Project} and the assigned content view environments.```
